20 PAIR KIT: 
Redefine your eyelash game with the OH Fashion False Lashes. The latest arrival in falsies, the OH Fashion lashes come in a multipack set of 20 pairs for all your daytime and nighttime looks!  Made of premium faux mink hair, matte black, and 100% hand-knotted with just the right length and volume, our lashes will seamlessly blend with your natural ones. Soft and curved eyelashes to achieve a dramatic style with a touch of glamour. Super comfortable to wear, our vegan lashes feature a flexible thin cotton lash for the best application. Instantly achieve the complete glammed-up look in 3 simple steps: trim excess lash if needed, apply adhesive, and stick lashes on. The OH Fashion lashes can be reapplied up to 3 times with the proper care and cleaning. Be flirty, seductive, and glamorous with the OH Fashion Fake Eyelashes.

 

Features
Professional lashes that look natural: made of faux mink hair in matte black and 100% hand-knotted
Seamless lashes: with just the right length and volume to easily blend with your natural lashes
Soft and Curved lashes: a dramatic style with a touch of glamour with its medium-density layers
Comfortable to wear: features a flexible thin cotton lash band to easily stick onto your lash
Instantly achieve the complete glammed-up look in 3 simple steps: trim excess lash if needed, apply adhesive, and stick lashes on
Vegan lashes: made of synthetic hair and cruelty-free
Multipack kit includes: 20 pairs of eyelashes in 2 different styles for day and night time looks
Reusable lashes: OH Fashion lashes can be reapplied up to 3X with proper care and cleaning
 
Features:Long Thick Curly Fake Eyelashes.Natural,Bushy and soft eyelashes,Make your eyes look bright and attractive.
Can match your casual and party makeup.Can be widely used on lots of occasions, especially for selfie, wedding pictures.
Thick long lash makes you be a gorgeous big eye star.All these lashes can be cut to the suitable length and curve depending on you.
Easy to apply: you can cut or curl the false eyelashes according to your preference, or you can apply some eye shadow, eyeliners to outline your eyes more and you will have naturally longer, fuller eyelashes

What¡äs Included
Includes 20 pairs of false lashes in 2 different styles for both daytime and nighttime looks


Specifications
Color: Matte Black
Material: Faux Minx- Synthetic Hair
Application: False Eyelash Adhesive
Length: 0.5x0.6 inches // 1.3 ~1.5 cm
Multipack: 20 pairs of false eyelashes
 